test: c026 for TmValidatorList, part 2 (#87)
runziggurat/xrpl: SPEC.md

### ZG-CONFORMANCE-026

    A synthetic node sends a mtVALIDATORLIST message with both master and signature public keys, correctly serializing a manifest and validator blob to the node. To verify the node has received the message, another synthetic node awaits a mtVALIDATORLISTCOLLECTION message from the node with the same validator blob sent by the first synthetic node in its mtVALIDATORLIST message.

    <>
    -> mtVALIDATORLIST with master and signing public keys and a correctly serialized manifest and validator blob.

>     Assert: sequence number in the validator list and public key in the validator match what was sent.
> 
> 
> ## Performance

Reviewer: Let's remove an extra blank line here

```suggestion
    Assert: sequence number in the validator list and public key in the validator match what was sent.

## Performance
```

Author: done

### ZG-CONFORMANCE-026

>     The test client should send a valid mtVALIDATORLIST message, with both master and signature public keys, correctly serializing a manifest and validator blob.  A second node verifies the correctness by receiving the validator list in an mtVALIDATORLISTCOLLECTION message and verifying the contents.

Reviewer: I checked other SPEC test descriptions, and there is no need to mention `the test` here,
maybe something like this (so it is more aligned with other test descriptions):
```suggestion
    A synthetic node sends a mtVALIDATORLIST message with both master and signature public keys, correctly serializing a manifest and validator blob to the node.  To verify the node has received the message, another synthetic node awaits a mtVALIDATORLISTCOLLECTION message from the node with the same validator blob sent by the first synthetic node in its mtVALIDATORLIST message. 
```

Author: done

    <>

>     <- mtVALIDATORLIST sent with master and signing public keys and a correctly serialized manifest and validator blob.

Reviewer: We could use a short `Assert` statement here, which mentions the other synth node and how it awaits the mtVALIDATORLISTCOLLECTION message.

the `assert` statement example can be seen in c002 test above

Author: done

>     <- mtVALIDATORLIST sent with master and signing public keys and a correctly serialized manifest and validator blob.

Author: done

>     <- mtVALIDATORLIST sent with master and signing public keys and a correctly serialized manifest and validator blob.

Author: done
